[DOCS] Edits to upgrade docs (#125019)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/upgrade/upgrade-migrations.asciidoc

. Start up all {kib} instances on the older version you want to rollback to.

[float]
===== (Not recommended) Rollback without a backup snapshot

. Shutdown all {kib} instances to be 100% sure that there are no {kib} instances currently performing a migration.
. {ref}/snapshots-take-snapshot.html[Take a snapshot] that includes the `kibana` feature state. Snapshots include this feature state by default.
. Delete the version specific indices created by the failed upgrade migration.
+
For example, to rollback from a failed upgrade
to v7.12.0: `DELETE /.kibana_7.12.0_*,.kibana_task_manager_7.12.0_*`
. Inspect the output of `GET /_cat/aliases`.
+
If either the `.kibana` or `.kibana_task_manager` alias is missing, you must create them manually.
Find the latest index from the output of `GET /_cat/indices` and create the missing alias to point to the latest index.
For example, if the `.kibana` alias is missing and the latest index is `.kibana_3`, create a new alias with `POST /.kibana_3/_aliases/.kibana`.
. Remove the write block from the rollback indices. `PUT /.kibana,.kibana_task_manager/_settings {"index.blocks.write": false}`

> . Start up {kib} on the older version you wish to rollback to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Start {kib} on the older version you want to rollback to.
```

[float]
[[upgrade-migrations-old-indices]]
==== Handling old `.kibana_N` indices

> After migrations have completed, there will be multiple {kib} indices in {es}: (`.kibana_1`, `.kibana_2`, `.kibana_7.12.0` etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the migrations complete, multiple {kib} indices are created in {es}: (`.kibana_1`, `.kibana_2`, `.kibana_7.12.0` etc).
```

> {kib} only uses the index that the `.kibana` and `.kibana_task_manager` alias points to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{kib} only uses the index that the `.kibana` and `.kibana_task_manager` aliases point to.
```
